
# Creating a project

1. Search "MARS Framework" in the extensions tab of Vs Code and install it.
2. Once the MARS Framework appears in the lateral bar, click on it and then click on "Create new  project".
3. Choose the folder where you want to create the project, write the project's name and write your team's number.
4. Click on initialize project.

## What is created?

The new folder will contain the following files and folders inside the `java/frc` folder:

### Robot folder:

- **`Robot.java`**: This file contains the main class of your robot code and manages each phase of the robot (autonomous and teleop), do not modify this file.

- **`RobotContainer.java`**: This file is responsible for initializing all the subsystems.

- **`Main.java`**: This file contains the main method that starts the robot code, do not modify this file.

- **`BuildConstants.java`**: This file is automatically generated by the gradle, do not modify this file.

- **Configuration folder**: 

    - **`KeyManager.java`**: Check [Key manager](../Robot-base/Key-manager.md) for more information about this file.
    
    - **`Manifest.java`**: Check [Manifest](../Robot-base/Manifest.md) for more information about this file.

    - **Constants folder**: This folder should contain all the constants of your robot, such as motor IDs, PID values, etc. It is recommended to create a separate file for each mechanism to keep things organized, but a file named `Constants.java` is also provided if you want to use it.

### Tests folder:

- **`EmptyTest.java`**: This file contains an empty test class that serves as a template for writing unit tests for your robot code. 
